{"rating": 6.4, "genres": ["Animation", "Action", "Adventure", "Comedy", "Family"], "title": "Minions", "filming_locations": null, "synopsis": "The movie starts with a narration about the minions, how they have existed since long ago, seeking the most evil entity to serve. The change from master to master due to often its them who cause their masters demise. One day they find themselves isolated in an ice cavern and thrive as a tribe. But as time passes they lose spirit in living because they dont have a master. A minion Kevin decides to go to the outside world to find a master. He gets Stuart and Bob as his companions. They arrive at New York and after some time wandering around they found a secret villain TV channel that announces the Villain Con in Orlando. Hitching a ride with the Nelsons, who turn out to be villains also, the minions reach Villain Con. There they see Scarlet Overkill, then the worlds most notorious villain, who turns out to be seeking for a henchman. Bob accidentally wins the contest to become Scarlets henchman.\n\nThe minions follow Scarlet to her castle and Kevin phones his fellow minions to come. She tasks the minions to steal the royal crown from Queen Elizabeth of Britain. With gadgets from Scarlets husband Herb, the minions succeed in stealing the crown but get caught red handed so they run from capture, until Bob accidentally releases the sword in the stone from the Excalibur legends. Thus Bob is crowned king. Scarlet is infuriated by this and visits the minions. They instead happily give the crown and the kingship to Scarlet. But Scarlet instead sends them to a torture chamber. But somehow the minions cant be killed by the torture equipments and they sneak back into Scarlets coronation ceremony to apologize. But again their will dont as well as their deeds, as instead the crash an ancient chandelier onto Scarlets head. Scarlet sends the other villains from Villain Con after the minions. Stuart and Bob get captured.\n\nKevin escapes and stumbles into Herbs secret weapon, which transforms him into a gigantic minion. He saves Stuart and Bob while battling Scarlet, while the rest of the minions arrive. Kevin swallows Scarlets rocket but prevents her to escape, blowing her up and returning Kevin to his size. Kevin, Stuart and Bob are rewarded by the Queen. But Scarlet still alive returns and steals the crown, only to be stopped by young Gru, who takes the crown and gains the minions as his servants.", "directors": ["Kyle Balda", "Pierre Coffin"], "year": 2015, "id": "2293640"}